Unpublished Conference Presentations
====================================

Silva, M. T., Shahidi, R., Gill, E. W., & Huang, W. (2018). Empirical
Initial Value Estimation for Nonlinear Extraction of Ocean Wave Spectra
from Bistatic HF Radar Data. *NECEC 2018, the twenty-seventh annual
newfoundland electrical and computer engineering conference*. St.
John’s, Newfoundland; Labrador.

Silva, M. T., Gill, E. W., & Huang, W. (2017). The Use of Artificial
Neural Networks in Hindcasting and Filling Gaps in Buoy Wind Speed Data
Under Extreme Winds. *NECEC 2017, the twenty-sixth annual newfoundland
electrical and computer engineering conference*. IEEE.

Silva, M. T., Gill, E. W., & Shahidi, R. (2016). A Change of Variables
for Ocean Wave Spectrum Extraction from Bistatic Second-Order Doppler
HF-Radar Data. *NECEC 2016, the twenty-fifth annual newfoundland
electrical and computer engineering conference*. IEEE.

Silva, M. T., Batista, L. S., & Albuquerque, F. M. V. de. (2015).
Dimensionality Reduction on EM Data for Underwater Object Detection
Using Self-Organizing Maps. *NECEC 2015, the twenty-fourth annual
newfoundland electrical and computer engineering conference*. IEEE.

Silva, M. T., & Batista, L. S. (2013). Inteligência Artifical Aplicada
ao Controle e Monitoramento do Ambeinte Marítimo (Artificial
Intelligence Applied to the Control and Monitoring of Maritime
Environments). *II simpósio de guerra de minas*. Salvador, Brazil:
Marinha do Brasil (Brazilian Navy).  
in Portuguese

Silva, M. T., & Batista, L. S. (2011). Gerador Automático e Adaprativo
de Malhas de Elementos Finitos. *VIII seminário de iniciação científica
do instituto federal da bahia*. Salvador, Brazil: IFBA.  
in Portuguese
